# Py_charmers

In this hackathon we got the opportunity to learn python and solve problems. We worked as a team to understand each problem and came with solutions. We sat together to  understand the basic functionality of Github.We installed git hub on our system and created a github account.
We split the 80 questions among us. Every evening, we discuss with our team how we solved the questions and what can be improved. When there was a blocker we all sat together and worked on it. In the Github we worked on the same branch. So, we updated our answers in Github one by one. In the beginning we faced issues in working in GitHub. But eventually we figured it out.
In the trello board cards were moved whenever the questions were done. We took a screenshot of the movement on the trello board each day. So, we can keep track of our work. In three days we finished our 80 questions. We had a few blocker questions that took a long time to figure it out. 
 After finishing all the Hackathon questions, we all came up with our own set of extra analysis for the same dataset. We used data profiling and Exploratory data analysis for further analysis. It helped us identify obvious errors, as well as better understand patterns within the data, detect outliers or anomalous events, and find interesting relations among the variables. We came up with our insights based on our analysis. We created barcodes using patient Id,Name and Date of Birth. 
We did univariate, bivariate,multivariate,outlier analysis and statistical analysis. We have worked on three dimensional visualization that helped us comprehend vast amounts of data at a glance and in a better way. 
 We send the extra analysis to our PMPO to create new cards in our existing workspace. Then we did all the extra analysis and we moved the card to done. We updated all our extra questions in Github in a separate file. 
